feat: add reference documentation for grafana and prometheus (#57)
charmed-hpc/docs: reference/monitoring/grafana.md

(reference-monitoring-grafana)=
# Grafana dashboards

This is an overview of all the charms used in Charmed HPC that provide [Grafana](https://grafana.com/)

> dashboards. See [Grafana dashboards](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/) for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dashboards. See [Grafana dashboards](https://grafana.com/docs/grafana/latest/dashboards/) for more general information on dashboards.
```

Reviewer: Would this also be the link to follow if they were interested in making their own dashboard (assuming that's possible)?

Author: Yes. The documentation directly links to a page that has a card to the "Build Dashboards" page.

## Slurmctld

The dashboards from the `slurmctld` charm display an overall view of the cluster, including the following information:

- CPU and memory usage per partition.
- Node state count.
- CPU and memory usage per account.
- Statistics on Slurmctld RPC messages.

![Slurm partition dashboard](../../imgs/slurm_partition_grafana.png)
![Slurm account dashboard](../../imgs/slurm_account_grafana.png)
![Slurm rpc dashboard](../../imgs/slurm_rpc_grafana.png)

> ## MySQL

Reviewer: Are there resources/links we can share that a user could follow if they were interested in seeing the back-end calculations/variables that were being used for a certain dashboard? (This would be for each charm, not just MySQL)

Author: That's pretty much the Prometheus section of the docs. We could also link to the source code for the dashboards but they're... not human readable to say the least.

I think the recommended way to see which metrics a dashboard uses is to use the Grafana UI to enter edit mode and see the exact query made.

Reviewer: A quick 'See the Prometheus section for... ' on the Grafana page would be good then, and then a note about the edit mode to see the metrics.

Author: Done
